# DO NOT DELETE

edanticc-example1.o: ../include/b64/cencode.h ../include/b64/cdecode.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/stdio.h /usr/include/features.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/stdc-predef.h /usr/include/sys/cdefs.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/bits/wordsize.h /usr/include/gnu/stubs.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/bits/types.h /usr/include/bits/typesizes.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/libio.h /usr/include/_G_config.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/wchar.h /usr/include/bits/stdio_lim.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/bits/sys_errlist.h /usr/include/stdlib.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/bits/waitflags.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/bits/waitstatus.h /usr/include/endian.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/bits/endian.h /usr/include/bits/byteswap.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/bits/byteswap-16.h /usr/include/sys/types.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/time.h /usr/include/sys/select.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/bits/select.h /usr/include/bits/sigset.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/bits/time.h /usr/include/sys/sysmacros.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/bits/pthreadtypes.h /usr/include/alloca.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/bits/stdlib-float.h /usr/include/string.h
edanticc-example1.o: /usr/include/xlocale.h /usr/include/assert.h
edanticc-example2.o: ../include/b64/cencode.h ../include/b64/cdecode.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/stdio.h /usr/include/features.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/stdc-predef.h /usr/include/sys/cdefs.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/bits/wordsize.h /usr/include/gnu/stubs.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/bits/types.h /usr/include/bits/typesizes.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/libio.h /usr/include/_G_config.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/wchar.h /usr/include/bits/stdio_lim.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/bits/sys_errlist.h /usr/include/stdlib.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/bits/waitflags.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/bits/waitstatus.h /usr/include/endian.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/bits/endian.h /usr/include/bits/byteswap.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/bits/byteswap-16.h /usr/include/sys/types.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/time.h /usr/include/sys/select.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/bits/select.h /usr/include/bits/sigset.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/bits/time.h /usr/include/sys/sysmacros.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/bits/pthreadtypes.h /usr/include/alloca.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/bits/stdlib-float.h /usr/include/string.h
edanticc-example2.o: /usr/include/xlocale.h /usr/include/assert.h
